Rockstar spud teen a guy that for the
most part a lot of people and give a
fuck about he did an interview with um
think it's tom haney I don't remember
the fucking guys know my listen to him
but you know I always am given
interviews or shows tillis take Don Tony
could check out my show tell me what you
think of it Don Tony check out my
interview tell me what you think of it
so I was X to check out this interview
with Rockstar spud I for the most part
majority in to you I didn't give a shit
about didn't find it felt to me like you
know this person was interviewing
Rockstar spud just so you could run
around school the next day and say hey
everyone I interviewed a teenage star
last night just like how kid Chris
catchers to do for the people i know
chris cash was you know i'll never
forget 10 years ago he interviewed Steve
Austin he went around his fucking high
school the next day showing his fucking
cell phone the people look I got Steve
Austin's phone number of my rolodex I
got Eric Bischoff's number of my rolodex
fucking guy just mean it was just
pathetic it was fucking pathetic but
anyway that's the impression I got from
the interview Rockstar spud but one
thing that stuck out to me was he was
talking about his feud his match with
ethan carter the third in London a
couple of weeks ago i think i might have
been i don't remember exactly when it
was maybe last month but anyway he was
talking about how you know a lot of
people are more concerned about five
star matches and he says you know
everybody wants to deliver a 5 star
match but he concentrates more on the
emotional content connection between the
fans and him as a character and that is
a home run comment that that i have been
saying for years and years and years and
years and years you can have any fucking
wrestler too fucking phenomenal matches
all the time if you do not have an
intimate connection with the fans you
only going to go a certain far you'll be
an attraction your compliments ok when
fans have an intimate connection with
you that's why when ec3 first got into
TNA
and I and some and haters hate when i
bring this up and it's not because if it
ever catches on an old on Tony deserves
the credit for it no I could think of
catch phrases in one line is for lots of
wrestlers out there but the reason why I
keep bringing this one up is because I
always thought ec3 was going to be a big
star and I've said it on his show for
over a year that guy is gonna be a big
star guys gonna be champion he is right
now okay it's one of a few people in TNA
that I've been positive about most of
the time don't get me wrong in the
beginning there was faults about ec3
don't I don't want to paint the wrong
picture okay I had negative things to
say about him also but I also said that
guy gets season you give him time if he
puts his mind to it that guy's got to be
a star nobody could take that away
because it's all documented on the shows
all right however when he first came in
and he was a heel okay I said over and
over again they need to start having
intimate connections with the crowd all
right Ethan Carter the third to a plan
his words call him Ethan carted the turd
one of my listeners actually made up a
sign calling him Ethan Carter the turd
turd tu rd went to a TNA house show not
only ec3 autograph is fucking he saw his
you know sign or whatever took a picture
with him all right we don't really think
the guy's a tard in real life it's a
it's a play on a character's name
because the heel and something like that
a fucking a retard a fucking person
would have a fucking brain someone who
was born with one eighth of a brain
could have probably figured that one out
it kind of me to college yeah you're the
key to call it turd you're a turd you
look like the target I just laid out in
my bedroom you've heard Ethan Carter
deterred then he's the coroner don't
call me a tard I'm not a turd Ethan
Carter turn turn turn turn stop calling
me a turret that intimate connection
with the crowd gets you over even more
my comments of saying bringing that over
and over again bring it up it's not
trying to remind people I come up with
things like that but just to show you
how something so simple can catch on and
be interactive with the crowd and it and
it not only gets you over even more but
it masquerades your deficiencies Hulk
Hogan vs andre the giant when you listen
to a lot of legends even some young
stars they'll say one of the favorite
match of all time hulk hogan vs andre
the giant you listen to some podcasts
out there a very young wrestling fans or
newer wrestling fans I've heard it
repeatedly hey I saw a wrestlemania III
fucking Hogan and Andre sucked it was
fucking punches and kicks kicks any
fucking my thoughts could do that there
are people out there that think that
that is one of the most horrible worked
WrestleMania matches of all time why is
it considered one of the greatest
matches in so many fans and wrestlers
eyes because of the story line because
of the characters involved because of
the intimate connection between Andre
and the fans when he turned heel between
the intimate connection between a
Hulkster and the Hulkamaniacs out there
when you have that intimate connection
you can make a mistake in the ring and
your fans will just see when when when
you make mistakes in a ring and you
don't have an intimate connection with
the fans you'll get a whole shitload of
people that just sitting on the edge of
the seat can't wait just to say you
fucked up you fucked up you fucked up
when you have an intimate connection
with fans and you make a full partner
ring you know those fans do they
pretended they just so happen to be
looking the other way when the bad ones
that happen in the ring they just so
have oh you know i just sneezed hachoo I
didn't see them of what happened what
happened what happened you get you
people do not focus so much on your
ability look at John Cena we're talking
about and I've said it many times this
year to me to wrestle of the year so far
as John Cena I'm not a big fan of John
Cena
I understand why he's in the position
he's in and I respect that and I totally
understand and I don't disagree with it
the reason why so many people are into
him you know saying that he's the rest
of the years because of the quality of
his matches now you say to yourself wait
a minute you mean to tell me could add
these quality matches over the last ten
years sometimes he did but the early on
you know he didn't have that intimate
connection with the fans and he started
doing the rapping and is that my point
is is that it's not always about five
star matches